[ Phil ] There she is.
The old library.
Had some late nights
in there.
Some of ’em
I even spent studying.
Don’t tell your mom.
And maybe don’t tell me.
Oh.
College!
He was shielding his eyes
from the sun.
Knew it when I hit it.
Phil is taking Haley
to visit his alma mater.
Loved college.
Mmm. We are hoping
some of that enthusiasm
rubs off on her.
Go Bullfrogs!
Dogs. Bulldogs.
I feel like
you do that on purpose.
Mm-mmm.
No, it’s just I say "bull,"
and I can’t remember
if it’s frogs or dogs.
When I talk
to my old friends from college,
do we croak or do we bark?
[ Phone Rings ]
I got it.
[ Clears Throat ]
[ Beeps ]
Hello.
[ Guttural Barking ]
Wow.
No way. Haley, no way!
Check it out!
After a few beers,
my buds and I would jump
on these lunch trays...
and race down
this same hill.
Hop on.
I don’t want to hop on.
Seriously.
You’ll get the giggles.
I don’t want the giggles.
[ Cell Phone Rings ]
[ Beeps ]
Hey, honey.
[ Claire ]
How’s the trip going?
So good.
Go Bullfrogs!
[ Guttural Barking ]
It’s dogs!
Oh, sorry.
- How’s Haley doing?
- She’s–
[ Mouthing Words ]
She’s loving it.
[ Girl ]
Ready!
I showed her the student union.
Five, six, seven, eight.
We visited the dorms.
We sat in on a class.
I really think
she’s starting to see
what college has to offer.
Oh, hang on, Claire.
Go Bulldogs!
♪ Hey, hey ♪
♪ Hey ♪♪
Manny, who is this Bella girl,
and why is her
name all over
your notebook?
Bella’s no girl, Mom.
She has recently blossomed,
like a purple lilac in April.
What do you mean, she blossom?
Like the puberty?
Yep.
[ Doorbell Rings ]
I’ll get it.
Hey, Gloria,
your show’s
about to start.
Record it.
No, the DVR’s filling up.
Let’s just watch
and get it over with.
Gloria’s always saying we
should do more stuff together.
So I agreed to watch this crazy
Colombian soap opera she loves.
Fuego y hielo.
Which apparently is Spanish
for "big hair and yelling."
Fire and Ice.
It’s about human suffering.
I relate to it.
I’m just saying,
the guy’s a judge.
He could put a shirt on.
Ay, what is that?
Oh, nothing.
That doesn’t look
like a nothing.
What is inside?
Oh, it’s just something
I bought.
I’m gonna go open it
in my room.
[ Gasps ]
I don’t like this.
Manny has never
kept a secret from me.
Don’t worry about it.
What do you think
it could be?
Well, right now,
I’m a little worried it could
be the rest of my evening.
Mwah! Bye-bye. Love you.
[ Groans ]
[ Woman ] Hey, Claire,
listen. Uh, if you want,
some of the moms...
are going to stay
and watch Gone with the Wind
in my new screening room.
I got Pinot.
I would love to, but I’m
not feeling that great, so–
Probably just gonna go home
and rest.
Plus, I’ve seen that movie.
No, I never saw
Gone with the Wind.
But I have two kids
at sleepovers,
and Haley’s
out of town with Phil.
That means I have
one night to myself,
which happens once every never.
I am not spending it
with some gossipy mom...
who was mean to me
in high school.
I need a fun night out.
What the hell is this?
No, I asked you guys
for a fun night out, not this.
I need music and dancing
and secondhand smoke.
Oh, please give
this place a chance.
It’s a great value.
The room is so cozy,
and the pot pies
are to die for.
Are you really comfortable
with what you just said?
Come on. What happened
to the party people
who took me to a rave?
And I got to wear a tube top,
and I stuffed cash
in a caged go-go boy’s Speedo.
We’re still party people.
Oh, Joanne,
before I forget,
can I get a punch?
One away from a free pot pie.
- If that was your gay card,
it would be revoked.
- Okay, you know what, Claire?
You’re being a little
"high school you."
I am sorry, Mitchell,
but I get one free night,
and I can’t spend it at a place
that is a proud supporter
of Wilson Elementary.
- We all need
to give back, Claire.
- Oh, give me back my night.
Okay, well,
Longines did invite us
to a boutique opening.
You know, cocktails, deejay.
[ Stammers ]
It’ll be whole scene though.
A scene?
A scene is perfect.
That’s great.
I will get in the car before
you guys change your mind.
Come on. Let’s go.
So does that mean
no pot pies?
Uh– Hey, Joanne,
two number nines to go.
Was I wrong?
Are these not the best wings
you’ve ever had in your life?
Oh, my God!
And you didn’t want
to get 40.
Oh, and by the way,
this is just the start
of your evening.
Next up, it’s over to the quad
for a musical interlude
from Tenors, Anyone?
It’s an all-male
singing group.
Got it.
Oh, hey!
Oh, hey, weren’t you
on my tour this morning?
Yeah, I’m Haley,
and this is my–
Big brother.
You bought it for a second!
How are you?
Oh. That’s–
Okay.
Anyway, you know what?
There is a student mixer
going on tonight.
If you want to go,
me and a bunch of girls
are gonna head over there.
Oh, uh–
Know what? That’s okay.
My dad’s got
this whole thing planned,
but thank you anyway.
No problem.
Well, it was nice meeting you.
Nice meeting you.
How fun is this?
Just me and you.
I was a little nervous
you wouldn’t see what’s
so special about this place.
Not that I’m pushing you
to come here. You know, you’re
gonna make your own decisions.
You want to go
with them, don’t you?
No, we’re doing our thing.
Yeah, quick, before they leave.
Are you sure?
Go. I can handle it.
You’re not the first girl
to leave me at this table...
with a plateful
of chicken wings.
I’m kidding.
Wish I was kidding.
You weren’t supposed
to hear that.
I–
Have fun.
Okay.
Love you.
♪♪ [ Speakers: Dance ]
[ Chattering ]
[ Singsong Voice ]
Nose job.
Ooh.
Butt lift.
Last summer, that thing
was four inches off the ground.
What do they do
with all the butt
they take out?
I have a theory.
[ All Laughing ]
Oh, hell!
Here comes my ex.
Who, Randolph?
Marcus?
- Lamichael?
- No, Matt.
Oh.
I gotta go!
Drama! Love it!
This is what I wanted.
Who needs a drink?
I could use
a little seltzer water.
More bubbly, Claire?
I will be
after I get a drink.
[ Whispering ]
See, that’s what gay
is supposed to be like.
Okay, I don’t know about you,
but I got about five minutes
of fabulous left in me.
Yeah. In my mind,
I’m already in our kitchen...
and I’m watching my pot pie
rotate in the microwave.
Okay, okay.
When did hats come back?
That one’s come back
about eight times.
Pick a side of the room, lady!
All right, there’s,
like, a thousand people
waiting for wine.
I want to try on
a couple of dresses,
and then Julian here
is going to take us
to a club across town.
I think we’re gonna go home.
What? Why? It’s 9:30.
It’s 9:30?
When did you two
become such old women?
First you take me
to that senior center
for porridge,
and now you can’t even stay up
past Luke’s bedtime?
It’s Friday.
We get tired on Fridays.
We get very tired.
I have three children.
I have been tired since 2005.
Let’s rally.
You’re my ride.
If you want to stay out,
I can take you home.
Really?
Of course.
Okay.
All right, girls, go home,
roll up your hair,
clap out the lights,
’cause this guy,
who I just met,
is gonna show me a good time.
[ Mouths Word ]
Okay, well, if he was
straight, this would be
just like high school.
[ Woman Speaking Spanish ]
This is ridiculous.
She’s obviously got a pistol
under that poncho.
How do you watch this stuff?
He’s been up there
for more than one hour.
I can’t stand it.
Who’s been up there?
Reinaldo’s doin’ the dishes
right in front of her.
Manny, in his bedroom.
Gloria, are you
even watching this?
I’m doin’ this for you.
What does he has in that box
that he cannot show to me?
Little boys are supposed to
keep secrets from their mothers.
Wait. The judge
just peeked through the window.
Is he interested in Celia now?
She could be his daughter.
I bet it’s a birthday gift
for me.
Yeah, that sounds right.
What’s he saying?
I’ve never seen him this mad.
Wait a minute.
I already found
my birthday gift
underneath his bed.
It’s a giant hat.
When did hats
came back, anyway?
Now she’s reaching
under the poncho.
Like she’s gonna shoot Reinaldo.
He’s the main character, right?
That’s it.
I’m going up there.
Wait, Gloria, no, don’t go.
Why not?
Think about it.
Thirteen-year-old boy.
Talks about girls all day long.
We have more security
on these computers
than the Pentagon.
What do you think
he’s doin’ up there, alone?
Do you think
he ordered some movies?
Movies, magazines.
Whatever the hell.
How dare do you say that,
Jay?
He’s a little boy!
He’s just a boy.
I don’t want to talk to you.
I’m gonna take a walk.
Gloria, come on.
Come back.
I know you’re not mad at me.
You just–
[ TV: Gunshot ]
[ TV: Woman Screams ]
Oh! What’d she do?
Reinaldo!
Oh! Wang chung!
Pay up, gentlemen!
Oh, yes!
Thank you!
Really? That’s so nice.
Another pitcher,
my good woman.
Claire would have killed me
if she’d known...
that I let Haley go off alone
while I chilled in a bar
with some undergrads,
but I happen
to trust my daughter.
Also, I was
tracking her location
with the G.P.S. on her phone.
Fellas, Cedar and Los Alamos.
That’s, uh–
- Pi Chi house?
- Pi Chi?
[ Siren Wailing
In Distance ]
[ Cell Phone Rings ]
Come on. Why is my Bluetooth
not working?
Oh, God, it’s Longines.
He’s gonna be so mad at us.
[ Beeps ]
Hey, Longe, don’t be mad
at us for leaving.
[ Longines ]
I went back to our spot,
and everybody was gone.
Who does that to a sister?
We’re sorry,
but the sitter called,
and Lily
was running a fever, so–
We feel even worse
about dumping Claire on you
and your hot date.
Who is gorgeous, by the way.
Seems super funny too.
Perfect for you.
Please.
I wish that was a date.
He’s my trainer,
and he’s straight.
What? Julian’s straight?
Oh, I love it when
a straight person and
a gay person go out together.
I’d love it a lot more
if he was gay.
Oh, my God.
This isn’t our car.
What?
This isn’t our Prius.
They must’ve given us
the wrong one
at the valet.
That’s why the Bluetooth
isn’t working.
We stole a car.
Are you serious?
What’s happening?
Oh, we stole a car.
Uh, we gotta go.
We did not steal a car, Cam.
It was given to us.
Why are you giving me attitude?
You’re the one
that stole a car!
How is this
a stolen car?
How?
I don’t know! I’m confused!
Do you have an aspirin?
This isn’t my car!
[ Cell Phone Rings ]
Mmm. Mm-mmm.
Mmm. Hey, Lukey.
Hi. What’s goin’ on?
Oh, I don’t have–
I’ll check.
I have it.
Well, I could bring it by
and meet you outside
in 20 minutes.
No, sweet–
Out-Outside, sweetie.
Okay. Bye-bye.
Do you mind swinging by
my kid’s sleepover?
I gotta give him his retainer.
It’s on the way to the club.
Sure. No problem.
Oh, you are so sweet.
Holy pythons, Batman!
Do you ever leave the gym?
Uh, no.
Actually, I’m a trainer
and a masseur.
Oh, my God.
I’m gonna have to try out
that second one.
Zip, please.
I gotta say, this night
is turning out to be...
a lot more fun
than I expected.
I’ve got two kids at sleepovers
and one upstate with Daddy.
The fun is just beginning.
[ Scoffs ]
Unbelievable.
The valet gave our car away
to someone, like,
an hour and a half ago.
You know what that means.
Our pot pies
could be anywhere by now.
They probably went home.
If we knew their address,
maybe we could see
if our car was there.
Oh, yeah, and how do you propose
we do that?
[ Beep ]
[ Female Voice ]
Calculating route home.
Oh, you’re good.
Oh, and look.
Only .6 miles away.
Prepare to turn right
in 500 feet.
Notice how she didn’t wait
until after the turn
to tell me, Cam?
Really? This? Now?
I’m just–
Oh, look, they went
to see Jay-Z. We almost went
to see Jay-Z, didn’t we?
No, no, no.
’Cause, remember?
It started at 8:30.
Oh, yeah,
which meant he wouldn’t
have gone on till 10:00.
- And that’s
a parking nightmare.
- Oh, and those stairs.
Okay,
I’m hearing it now.
Is Claire right?
Are we in a rut?
Oh, we might be,
especially compared
to these people.
Look at this.
Cancún luggage tickets.
A parking pass to Yosemite.
A triathlon bib.
This is living.
No, but, you know,
we have Lily, okay?
You can’t do that
with a child.
They have a car seat.
Okay, fine, we’re in a rut.
Destination ahead
in 900 feet.
You know, maybe
we just need to be around
more stimulating people.
Well, we’re gonna be
in about 900 feet.
It’s not the craziest idea.
They seem like fun people.
Yeah, and maybe we can
be new couples friends
with them, you know?
We can go out to concerts,
try exciting new food,
maybe do some luxury camping.
Hitch our wagon to their star
and see how fast
they spice up our life.
You have arrived.
I believe we have.
[ Chuckles ]
[ Woman ]
You dumb son of a bitch!
[ Pounding ]
Oh, my God,
what’s happening?
[ Glass Breaks ]
Oh, my God.
What’s happening?
I can’t believe
you came back here,
you filthy, cheating pig!
No, no, back up.
- Back up, I said!
- I’m trying!
We are in a rut.
Really? You want to talk
about that right now?
[ Engine Revving ]
No, we are stuck.
We’re in an actual rut.
We’re stuck.
Oh, my God. Oh, my God!
We are victim of a hate crime
right now. Go! Go!
Oh, my God.
♪♪ [ Speakers: Dance ]
Oh, no, you don’t.
Dad! What are you
doing here?
What’s this, buddy?
Ginger ale.
Oh, really?
Cause it smells–
Okay, it smells like
ginger ale, but that
doesn’t prove anything.
What the hell?
We are leaving.
I’m having a nice time!
With this clown?
And by the way, it’s
a little cliché to pick someone
who looks exactly like your dad.
I got your number, Pi Chi.
I know you.
Yeah, you do.
This is Ben Ford.
He’s in my class.
He’s visiting too.
You were my T-ball coach.
My dad’s your doctor.
He’s right over there.
[ Haley ]
What is wrong with you?
Are you trying
to ruin college for me
before I even get here?
No, I’m not.
I am so sorry.
You are not a clown.
You are an excellent
backup shortstop.
Alecia, Bruce.
Go Bullfrogs– Dogs!
Go Bulldogs. Claire!
Wow. Really.
No, it’s just a shock, is all.
Jay.
So Celia is carrying
the judge’s baby.
No wonder she shot him.
She’s hormonal.
- Who are you talking to?
- The housekeeper.
Maria, I’ve gotta go.
Thanks a lot.
[ Beeps ]
- Jay, I need you
to talk to Manny.
- What?
If he’s doing
what you think he’s doing,
then he needs to talk to a man.
I don’t want him
to be ashamed of anything.
Then you don’t want
to send me in there.
But what if he has questions?
What if he doesn’t know how–
Gloria–
Gloria, whatever
he’s going through,
he can work it out himself.
[ Manny ]
Help! I’m stuck!
Ay, no. Jay, go!
I beg of you, go, go, go!
Gloria–
I’m extremely reluctant
to do this.
[ Manny ]
Please hurry!
Ay, no. I cannot look at this.
What the hell?
I can’t get down, Jay!
[ Whimpers ]
[ Gloria ]
What? What happened
to Manny?
Ay, somebody
say something to me!
Gloria, it’s okay.
Come in.
Okay.
- He was hanging
from that bar up there.
- What? Why?
What do you have on your head?
It’s a weighted helmet
to stretch me
so I can get taller.
Whoa!
Manny, why do you have
to get tall now?
Love, Mom. Why else?
I lost Bella to Durkas
because, in her words,
"He’s tall."
Everybody else
is getting taller but me.
You think
it’s the coffee?
No.
Maybe, but–
But hanging downside up
is not gonna help you.
The Web site said it would.
Listen, Manny,
you’re already intelligent
and beautiful and funny.
If you get tall,
you’re going
to have everything,
and those poor boys
are not gonna have
anything to compete with you.
Look at this.
You have a mark
in your head now.
I’m gonna go get you
some ice, okay?
That’s a lot of pretty words,
but they don’t help me tomorrow.
Sorry, kid.
Just one of those things.
You get taller
when you get taller.
Why don’t you
get ready for bed?
Ah, geez.
You know, when I was your age,
I started workin’ out
to get the girls.
- You think that would help?
- Yeah.
So tomorrow,
we start workin’ out.
Okay?
Maybe I’ll even show you
a few pull-ups on, uh,
this bad boy here, huh?
[ Grunts ]
You see that?
Pretty soon, that’s how strong
you’re gonna be.
Thanks, Mom.
Shh! I don’t want them
to know I was here.
Okay.
Oh, Claire,
I thought that was you.
Thank God. Come in.
I can’t,
’cause I’m sick, remember?
Sorry.
My DVD player just broke,
and none of us know
how Gone with the Wind ends.
But you saw it, right?
[ Woman ]
Is that Claire?
- Yeah.
- Can you tell us
what happened?
Uh, I could, but I don’t want
to ruin it for you.
Claire, just tell us.
Just tell us.
Come on.
Um–
Scarlett is really mad
at Clark Gable because, um,
he’s done just so–
so many bad things.
And didn’t he, um, burn down
a farm or something?
Claire, have you been drinking?
Um, I had a hot toddy.
Made one for my throat, so–
Pretty dressed up
for a night in bed, right?
Yeah, I-I just threw on
the first thing I could find
when Luke called.
- It was just right there
on the chair.
- She has a stamp on her hand.
Okay. All right.
Before we bust out
the pitchforks and the torches,
may I remind you
that I’ve driven every one
of your children home,
and heimliched
at least one, Bethenny.
Hi.
[ Woman ]
Hello.
This is totally inappropriate,
but could I use your bathroom?
Sorry.
You kept pushing the drinks.
It’s– Friend.
Gay friend. Gay.
I’m not gay.
Yes, you are.
I’m-I’m French.
You thought I was gay?
Are you serious right now?
Are you?
You’ve been throwing yourself
at me all night.
N-No. No. I have not.
- Bethenny, grab the Pinot.
- Bethenny,
do not grab the Pinot.
You undressed in front of me.
You squeezed my arm.
You asked me for a massage.
What was all that?
That was– That was me
safely objectifying
a gay person.
Wow, Claire.
When I wrote "Don’t ever change"
in your yearbook,
I didn’t mean it like this.
Oh, ease up, Holly.
Okay, I lied. I lied.
But I get one night to myself,
and I just wanted to spend it
with some fun gay people.
It’s not my fault this one
decided to be straight.
I’ve always been straight.
Oh, you don’t get to talk!
I took fashion advice
from you.
Oh, my God,
do I even look good
in this dress?
No, not you.
- It’s really short, isn’t it?
- It’s short.
Yeah.
Please!
Please just listen to me
for one second.
Go away!
Stop following me.
Hey, you want to tell me
why you’re bothering this
young lady?
Oh, no, no, no, no, Officer.
This is my daughter.
Tell him.
Tonight, I don’t know
who you are.
She’s-She’s joking.
I’m not dangerous.
In fact, I helped to put
all the lights on this path.
Twenty years ago,
some friends and I took back
the night, so–
I think I just–
I embarrassed her a little.
A little?
That sweatshirt
embarrasses me a little.
Yep, that’s a daughter.
Tonight was insane.
Why did you have
to act like that?
You were at that party.
I see you talking
to frat boys, and–
Isn’t that why we’re here?
So I can experience college?
I mean,
what are you gonna do
when I actually go?
I don’t know.
Freak out, I think.
Look.
Your whole life,
my job’s been to protect you.
A job I kind of love.
And I feel like I’m being forced
into early retirement.
I just needed to find you
and make sure you were okay–
for as long
as I still get to do that.
[ Groans ]
It’s just like you–
Piss me off,
then say something sweet.
I’m not leaving
until the fall.
Maybe by then I can figure out
how to put a force field
around you.
I’ve been working on that one
since the first time...
I tried to fasten you
into your car seat.
I pinched
your chunky little thigh.
Aw.
Even though you basically
just called me fat.
So, is it really fun?
What?
[ Phil ]
No.
[ Jay ]
We all struggle
with limitations.
Some we’re willing to accept–
You know, I just want
to be home, reading
on opposite ends of the sofa.
And some we’re not.
I’m so embarrassed
I did that.
I’m just so happy
that that was all it was.
Why? What’d you think
I was doing?
It’s never too late
to grow in life.
[ Laughs ]
Oh, my God!
[ Screams ]
"Thanks to our patented
Lengthenator,
you can increase your height
by up to four inches."
I cannot believe he spent $50
in this thing.
I know.
He could’ve got
a two-year subscription
to Playboy for that.
He’s not getting
the Playboy ever!
[ Laughing ] Ow!
He’s a little boy!
Wouldn’t it be great
if we woke up tomorrow,
and our car had
found its way home?
I feel
that’s not the way
it’s gonna happen.
Happened on the farm one time.
A tornado scooped up
one of our calves,
dropped it who knows where.
Six months later,
a full-grown cow comes
walking up the driveway.
Same markings, same moo.
That night, we–
We ate like kings.
Yeah.
Okay, I’ve told it before.
Oh, my gosh, it’s our car!
I see you’ve met my wife.